**General**
- Resize and rotate sails
- Change the aspect ratio of certain square sails and jibs: *brig square, trapezoidal, cog square, al'ankh square 7yd & 9yd, aestrin jib 14yd & 17yd*
- More masts
- More stays
- Lug sails
- Optional telltales on the shrouds
- Adjusted sail position limits on existing masts
- misc. parts
- misc. adjustments

**Options**
- percentSailNames: Add each sail's current scale to its name e.g. "brig square 4yd (130%)". *on by default*
- unrollSails: Unfurl installed sails when entering a shipyard. *on by default*
- vertLateens: Install lateen sails vertical, even on a raked mast. *on by default*
- vertFins: Install fin sails vertical, even on a raked mast. *on by default*
- convertSaves: Update save files from previous versions of the mod. *on by default*
- cleanSave: Remove a save's dependency on this mod. *off by default, will self-disable when finished*
- cleanLoad: Attempt to fix broken saves on load. *on by default*
- addSails: Add the new sails mentioned above when. *on by default, requres a restart to take effect*

**Configuration instructions**
- option a)
  - download the BepInEx 5 version of [BepInEx Configuration Manager](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx.ConfigurationManager/releases)
  - install the configuration manager like a mod
  - open the configuration menu in game with f1
- option b)
  - open BepInEx/config/com.nandbrew.shipyardexpansion.cfg
  - follow autogenerated instructions in the file
**WARNING! Saving while this is installed will make the save dependent on it!**
